#LyX 2.1 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 474
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_math auto
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Title
SENG 310 - Assignment 2 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Author
Richard Wagner (V00767821), Alex Lam (V00195731), 
\begin_inset Newline newline
\end_inset

Jonathan Bowen (V00735637), Di Mei (V00783547)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Date
2015-05-26
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Newpage pagebreak
\end_inset


\begin_inset CommandInset toc
LatexCommand tableofcontents

\end_inset


\begin_inset Newpage pagebreak
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Interviews
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Interviews and Typical Users: 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Paragraph
A semi-structured interview was conducted on four undergraduate students
 from the University of Victoria (male and female) between the ages of 19-23
 in their second year or later of an undergraduate program to gather requirement
s for Good Money, a financial assistant app.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Interview Questions: 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
1) Demographics (optional) 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Age (written response or I prefer not to respond)
\end_layout

\begin_deeper
\begin_layout Enumerate
Gender (written response or I prefer not to respond) 
\end_layout

\end_deeper
\begin_layout Enumerate
What is your highest level of education completed? (selected from list:
 post secondary, some university, finished university, etc.) 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Are you proficient with using software for everyday tasks? (are they able
 to use computer to help them improve their lives?) 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Do you own a smartphone? (are they applicable for a smartphone application?)
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Do you have a regular income? (to understand if features could be added
 related to an income) 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Is financial management/having a monthly budget something that you currently
 need to keep track of? (would this potentially replace something the applicant
 already does)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
How do you currently manage your monthly expenses? (get more ideas from
 the user for the app)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Where do you regularly spend your income throughout the month (eg.
 education, rent, food, etc)? (figure out good categories for spending)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
What do you currently do to save money? (ideas for how the app could make
 recommendations) 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Are you currently saving money for traveling or purchasing something? (one
 of the selling points of our application is that the application can help
 people to find out how long does it take to achieve their saving goals)
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Do you think purchasing information is a very private thing to yourself?
 (someone might not want others to see what they purchase because they think
 it is private) 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Do you allow someone who you trust to help you manage your expenses? (if
 the answer is yes, we can sell our app to him/her)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Do you wish you handled your money better than you currently do?
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
What do you think keeps you from managing your money better than you currently
 do? 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Are you living in residence at UVic? 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Are you on a meal plan? 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Description of system’s users based on interviews
\end_layout

\begin_layout Paragraph
Interviewees were owners of smartphones who self-reported proficiency with
 using software applications for everyday tasks.
 Half of the interviewees had a regular income.
 Interviewees expressed different degrees of satisfaction with their ability
 to handle their finances, from wishing they were more financially-savvy
 to feeling like they handled their expenses well.
 All four of the interviewees had no misgivings about giving an app access
 to financial information.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Differences in responses from expectations 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Paragraph
Unexpectedly, two of the four interviewees reported having a system for
 handling their money (one used a spreadsheet and the other used pen-and-paper
 book-keeping).
 One of the interviewees assumed that we were developing a desktop application
 throughout the course of the interview.
 We were also surprised to find that one interviewee wasn’t interested in
 a financial planning app.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
System Tasks (List of tasks the system must support)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Setting up a profile.
 The app charts out a budget on the basis of a user’s income and projected
 needs.
 In order for the app to provide its core functionality, then, it needs
 to have information about the user’s income, goals, and priorities.
 Good Money also needs to be synced to a user’s bank account(s), and so
 all of this information needs to be given by the user.
 This feature is a precondition for all of the other functionality of the
 app, and so is of primary importance.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Viewing weekly progress.
 At any given time, a user needs to be able to track their progress with
 respect to their budgeting goals, as well as see how much money is available
 for different categories of purchases.
 This is an important and frequently used feature that needs to be easy
 and convenient.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Adjusting financial needs.
 If users’ financial profile changes at any time for reasons other than
 their spending habits (which the app can track automatically), users need
 to be able to update their profile accordingly.
 For instance, a raise, an unexpected monetary gift or an unforeseen expense
 need to be entered into the app so it can adjust its budget plan accordingly.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Personas
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
We have two personas: Sally Barnes and John Mark.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Sally Barnes Persona
\end_layout

\begin_layout Paragraph
Sally Barnes is a 4th year geology major at UVic.
 She is currently taking 4 courses to finish her degree and she has a part
 time job as a waitress at Swiss Chalet.
 She loves shopping, but she also wants to save enough money so she can
 eventually move out of her parent’s house after she graduates.
 Between school and her job, she doesn’t have much time to balance her finances
 and judge whether she should buy more clothes.
 Since she’s always playing with her new iPhone, she wants an app that can
 help her sort out her income and expenses and track her savings for a new
 rental suite.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
John Mark Persona
\end_layout

\begin_layout Paragraph*
John Mark is a 2nd year software engineering major at UVic.
 Has a phone, but tries not to use data because he is on a low data plan.
 John is highly tech savvy.
 Independence is important to him, and so he lives off campus and works
 at a web design company while he is at school.
 His goal is to make it through school without relying on his parents, while
 developing his career.
 So far he’s succeeded.
 Lately, however, John is feeling like he isn’t socializing or having much
 fun in his busy life, and so he’s thinking about ways that he can take
 time out of his busy schedule to do fun things with his friends.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Task Scenarios
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Basic Budgeting
\end_layout

\begin_layout Paragraph
Sally wants to figure out where to start with budgeting.
 She is, frankly, not aware of what she needs to do to organize her spending
 habits.
 She accordingly creates an account with Good Money and grants the app access
 to her bank accounts.
 Sally is asked a series of questions about her spending habits in various
 categories of expenses, as well as the fees for graduation, her final academic
 courses, and rent.
 Sally enters each of these fields in sequence.
 The app then takes all of the information about Sally’s income, goals,
 and regular expenses, and generates a concrete budgeting plan for her.
 Sally views the amount of “free spending money” she has for the week for
 shopping, buying food, etc.
 She also views a budget summary page on which a visualization of money
 free to spend in the future is displayed in an intuitive, colourful way.
 Sally now has an intuitive, easy way to access a plan that will reliably
 allow her to graduate, afford rent for when she moves out, and still spend
 any leftover money in a responsible way.
 This is a representative scenario for the app, as entering profile information
 is a necessary action that users must take in order to make use of any
 of the app’s functionality.
 One of the most useful functions of this app is to provide an easily understand
able medium-term projection that takes into account the user’s whole financial
 situation.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Expense Projection
\end_layout

\begin_layout Paragraph
John would like to branch out from from the university life and explore
 the area around him, but feels uncomfortable spending money around town
 because he doesn’t have a stable income and wants to be financially independent
 from his parents.
 He decides that he wants to go to a snazzy event downtown with a couple
 of his friends.
 He wants to know how much he is safe to spend that night, while still being
 able to pay rent and pay for education.
 He opens the Good Money app, and the home screen shows him a summary of
 the amount of money he has left to spend for the week to stay within budget.
 His “extra expenses” and “food” budget options are about 35 dollars short
 for the exorbitant entry fee at this event.
 He then selects the “add expense” button from the home screen, and enters
 35 dollars into the “how much?” field.
 His monthly projected budget alters accordingly by decreasing the amount
 of free spending money for the next four weeks.
 He is explained the repercussions of spending this money, and asked to
 confirm that the consequences are acceptable.
 He decides that they are, presses ok, and his current “extra expenses”
 field increases to $69--enough to attend the event.
 He then goes to the event and the app monitors his expenses that night.
 He stays under budget.
 This is a good example of a regular use of the app.
 Users will often find themselves in a situation where they need to spend
 more than their budget allows for the week--for instance, there are often
 holidays or special events that would require more money than an average
 week.
 Critical information that the app provides users is whether, and to what
 degree, there is an overshoot for a given expense.
 If one is considering committing themselves to an extra expense, the app
 also gives this person a projection of the repercussions for making the
 expense before they go out and make it.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Budget Analysis
\end_layout

\begin_layout Paragraph
Sally is wondering whether she’s stayed within budget this week.
 She opens the Good Money app and presses the “Weekly Progress” button on
 the home page.
 She is presented with a visualization of the spending amounts in each of
 her several spending categories.
 It appears she has spent too much on food but hasn’t spent any of her “free
 spending money”.
 As a result, she sees that her weekly budget is not in deficit.
 She then decides to hold off on going out for dinner that night after classes
 and goes home to eat.
 This is an activity that users will likely use every time they log onto
 the app.
 Accordingly, it should be made accessible.
 We anticipate that the most frequent functionality users make use of with
 the app is just routinely checking their balance, as well as where they
 are with respect to their weekly goals.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Appendix
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Transcribed interview notes
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
(Excluded from GitHub Upload for Privacy Reasons)
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
