#LyX 2.1 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 474
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_math auto
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Title
SENG 310 - Assignment 4
\end_layout

\begin_layout Author
Richard Wagner (V00767821), Alex Lam (V00195731), 
\begin_inset Newline newline
\end_inset

Jonathan Bowen (V00735637), Di Mei (V00783547)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Date
2015-06-14
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Newpage pagebreak
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Task Scenarios
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Basic Budgeting 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Sally wants to figure out where to start with budgeting.
 She accordingly creates an account with Good Money and grants the app access
 to her bank accounts.
 Sally answers a series of questions about her spending habits in various
 categories of expenses.
 The app then takes all of the information about Sally’s income, goals,
 and regular expenses, and generates a concrete budgeting plan for her.
 The application gives Sally some feedbacks like free spending money, budget
 summary, and also visual graph summary.
 Sally now has an intuitive, easy way to assess a plan to use her money.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
2.2 Expense Projection 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
John would like to branch out from the university life and explore the area
 around him, but he doesn’t have a stable income and wants to be financially
 independent from his parents.
 He decides that he wants to go to a snazzy event downtown with a couple
 of his friends.
 He wants to know how much he is safe to spend that night.
 He opens the Good Money app, and it shows his “extra expenses” and “food”
 budget options are about 35 dollars short for the exorbitant entry fee
 at this event.
 He then selects the “add expense” button from the home screen, and enters
 35 dollars into the “how much?” field.
 His monthly projected budget alters accordingly by decreasing the amount
 of free spending money for the next four weeks.
 He is explained the repercussions of spending this money, and asked to
 confirm that the consequences are acceptable.
 He decides that they are, presses ok, and his current “extra expenses”
 field increases to $69–enough to attend the event.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
2.3 Budget Analysis 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Sally is wondering whether she’s stayed within budget this week.
 She opens the Good Money app and presses the “Weekly Progress” button on
 the home page.
 She is presented with a visualization of the spending amounts in each of
 her several spending categories.
 It appears she has spent too much on food but hasn’t spent any of her “free
 spending money”.
 As a result, she sees that her weekly budget is not in deficit.
 She then decides to hold off on going out for dinner that night after classes
 and goes home to eat.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
