#LyX 2.1 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 474
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_math auto
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Title
SENG 310 - Assignment 5 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Author
Team: Grandmaster Bash and the 
\series bold
Furious 4
\end_layout

\begin_layout Author
Richard Wagner (V00767821), Alex Lam (V00195731), 
\begin_inset Newline newline
\end_inset

Jonathan Bowen (V00735637), Di Mei (V00783547)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Date
2015-06-28
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Summary of Changes to Prototype
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Before implementing our software prototype, we made changes on the basis
 of our individual cognitive walkthroughs and feedback from the instructor.
 The following changes were made to the prototype.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Changes from Cognitive Walkthroughs
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
The instructor gave feedback on our main page that was corroborated by individua
l cognitive walkthroughs--the link buttons did not map to their respective
 pages.
 In fact, the main page, which has the sole function of providing links
 to the other respective pages, instead appeared to the naive user as a
 long, complicated data visualization page.
 The links were visible, but they took the form of graphs and didn’t resemble
 buttons.
 We completely re-designed these links to have explicitly labelled buttons
 with symbols.
 The control now maps to its function as a tappable link.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
On the budget edit page, there was not sufficient feedback when users made
 changes to their budget plan.
 The “edit budget” function had poor recoverability, as any movements made
 on the sliders altered the budget without providing an undo option.
 To fix these problems, we added a “confirm changes” window, which reviews
 the changes the user has made and allows the user to undo their actions.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Our “Detailed Analysis” page was renamed “Analysis” for simplicity.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
On our analysis page, the previous prototype didn’t have controls for selecting
 time period and category parameters for the analysis.
 This function is required in our task scenarios.
 We fixed this by adding radio buttons mapped to time period and expense
 category.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
The main page lacked a logout button.
 We added one.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
It was noted that our earlier prototype allowed a user to navigate to all
 of the pages before signing up or adding a budget goal.
 The “set budget goal” is somewhat novel, and The “Sign Up” function now
 enforces a sign-up procedure in which the mandatory “edit profile” fields
 must be filled in, and a budget goal must be entered before the home page
 can be accessed.
 We removed links to the home page for this initial flow.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
On our “analysis” section, it was observed that figures were small and that
 users may want to expand their view of them.
 We added the ability to zoom in on a single figure.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Our previous prototype lacked a link to the “Analysis” page.
 Such a link was added.
 
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
